Pitch a game idea  - pre-production phase 
by Rachelle Badua 

Game idea (short description):
My game idea is about a girl who is in the jungle trying to survive.
There are enemies and there are power ups where they can help the 
character win the level. The character must avoid the enemies or try
to kill them with a weapon. 

Scenario and characters description (include placeholder graphics, 
drafts, references):
The scenario of the game would be in a jungle. The scenario would be
horizontal. The main character’s description is a young teenage girl 
who happens to be in the jungle, and she encounters enemies and tries 
to survive to get home. Her name is May, and she is 18 years old. 
She went on an adventure in the Amazon jungle.

Characters’ actions and goals:
- May (main character): jump, move left and right, and shoot or hit 
enemy (depends on the weapon) so they can disappear.
- Enemy 1: goes for the main character, tries to eliminate the main 
character (less strong) ex: 20 points
- Enemy 2: can shoot or hit main character, tries to eliminate the 
main character (hit main character, they will lose points) 
ex: 30-45 points
- Enemy 3: goes for main character, tries to eliminate the main 
character (stronger, so main character loses more points) 
ex: 100 points
- Coconut: help main character (add more points) ex: 30 points
- Banana: help main character (add more points) ex: 10-20 points

Game Win/Lose conditions:
 Win conditions:
-If the main character gets a score greater or equal than the 
score(will be specified), and she does not lose all her lives,
then she wins.
 Lose conditions:
-If the main character does not get a score greater or equal than
the score (will be specified), then they will lose the game. If the
main character loses all her lives, then she dies too.
 
Progression of levels:
- In the first level, there is only enemy 1, that the main character
must survive.
-In the second level, there are enemy 1, enemy 2, that the main
character must survive.
- In the third level, there are enemy 1, enemy 2, and enemy 3, 
that the main character must survive.

Source of inspiration (other games, movies, etc, that inspired
your idea):
My source of inspiration is Jumanji. The movie takes place in a 
jungle full of mysterious creature. The characters are trying to 
survive to get home since they were transported from the real world 
into the game universe of Jumanji, and since they are real people, 
if they lose the 3 lives, they were given, they will never get back 
to the real world. So, I wanted to create a game with that concept. 

What skills/interests you are looking for in a teammate:
I am looking for people who are interested in this concept of jungle 
and survival, people who can code and who can edit pictures or create 
for the animation of the game.

P.S, we can edit anytime the game idea
